Feature/read me (#1)
mdaxtman/booey: README.md

    * **Single Repo** - You can add a path to a single repo:       
        `"/Users/MyAccount/MyNuiComponents/NameOfComponent"`

    * **Multiple Repos** - You can add multiple repos by entering the path to a folder containing multiple repos:
        `"/Users/MyAccount/MyNuiComponents"`
    Booey will only pull in nui components. 

    * **Multiple Selected Repos** - If you would only like to add a select few repos and not all the nui components in a folder, you can multiple by separating the paths by a semi colon:
        `"/Users/MyAccount/MyNuiComponents/NameOfComponent; /Users/MyAccount/MyNuiComponents/NameOfOtherComponent"`

    Click the "refresh repos" button and your nui repos will populate below.

2. Add your platform file to booey by entering the absolute path to your platform file in the "platform directory" input. From here you can run the commands `./install` by clicking on the "clean/install" button or `npm run build && npm run start` by clicking on the "build/start" button. You'll be able to see your commands run in the terminal below the input.

> 

Reviewer: can we add instructions for how to interact with the input boxes? and how the repos input can take in multiple directories? eg. `/path/to/repo; path/to/other/repo`

Author: Isn't that what line 14-24 do? Or should I add more?

Reviewer: ah, never mind. I missed that. Thanks!

> 3. Now that you have added your nui repos and the platform repo, you can copy your local code over to the platform by clicking "build & copy -> build & start" next to on of your repos OR select multiple repos and click the "Build & Copy selected" button above your list of repos. You'll be able to see the commands running in the terminal on the right of your page or in your terminal locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now that you have added your nui repos and the platform repo, you can copy your local code over to the platform by clicking "build & copy -> build & start" next to one of your repos OR select multiple repos and click the "Build & Copy selected" button above your list of repos (not yet functional). You'll be able to see the commands running in the terminal on the right of your page.
```
I stopped outputting the std out in the console. I found a typo too. :-).

> ## Contributing to Booey

Reviewer: I would suggest we add instructions for the dev server as well. `npm run dev`
